Revise README for Baseline launch (#165)
web-platform-dx/feature-set: README.md

# [`feature-set`](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/feature-set): exploring the set of interoperable features of the web platform

By the W3C WebDX Community Group and contributors

> 

Reviewer: Is this line break intentional?

Author: Yes, it looks slightly less cryptic, rendered as HTML (as in https://github.com/ddbeck/feature-set/blob/ad439fc24e0d3acc3321994edd2664c73c16373c/README.md).

Reviewer: 👍

## Get started

To get feature identifiers, Baseline support data, or cross-references to other resources (such as specifications and caniuse), use [the `web-features` npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/web-features).
[Read the package README](./packages/web-features/README.md) for more information.

To contribute to feature identification, definition, Baseline support statuses, or to update the status on MDN, jump to [Contribute](#contribute).

## Background

To learn more about why this project was started and some of the problems its responding to, read the [2022 backgrounder](./2022-backgrounder.md).

## Contribute

The project is in its early stages, so we’re still developing tools and processes to help improve and expand our work.
To get started contributing, take a look the following:

* Learn more about [the WebDX Community Group](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/admin/blob/main/charter.md)
* Go to [open issues](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/feature-set/issues) to propose new feature groups or report a bug
* Go to [open PRs](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/feature-set/pulls) to review incoming feature groups and updates

## License

> You’re free to TODO: license file needed.

Author: We ought to have something like this here _and_ a LICENSE file for the whole repo. See also: https://github.com/web-platform-dx/feature-set/pull/163

```suggestion
You are free to use, copy, modify, and distribute `feature-set`, as long as you include the required notices. Read the LICENSE file for details.
```
